## Legal & General (PMC)

## L&G PMC Future World Global Equity Index Fund 3

## RISK PROFILE

## FUND OBJECTIVE

The investment objective of the fund is to track the performance of the Solactive L&G ESG Global Markets Index (less withholding tax where applicable) to within +/-0.60% p.a. for two years out of three.

<!-- image -->

The fund's risk rating is based on the historic volatility of the fund's value and it may change in the future.

Investment funds with a lower risk profile typically exhibit fewer price fluctuations and therefore a lower probability of temporary capital losses. Funds with a high risk rating typically experience greater fluctuations in value and maintain a greater risk of capital losses.

## FUND FACTS

Fund size

£41.9m

Base currency

GBP

## Benchmark

Solactive L&G ESG Global Markets Net

Launch date

Oct 2021

Domicile

United Kingdom

Underlying fund

Legal & General Future World Global Equity Index Fund

## FUND PERFORMANCE (%)

<!-- image -->

|             |   3 months |   6 months |   1 year | 3 years   |   Launch |
|-------------|------------|------------|----------|-----------|----------|
| n Fund      |       0.42 |       3.95 |    21.85 | -         |     8.52 |
| n Benchmark |       0.38 |       3.87 |    21.66 | -         |     8.38 |
| Relative    |       0.04 |       0.08 |     0.19 | -         |     0.14 |

## 12 MONTH PERFORMANCE TO MOST RECENT QUARTER (%)

| 12 months to 30 September   |   2024 |   2023 | 2022   | 2021   | 2020   |
|-----------------------------|--------|--------|--------|--------|--------|
| Fund                        |  21.85 |   8.57 | -      | -      | -      |
| Benchmark                   |  21.66 |   8.41 | -      | -      | -      |
| Relative                    |   0.19 |   0.16 | -      | -      | -      |

Performance data source: LGIM. All performance periods over a year will be annualised. Returns are calculated on the basis of daily midday mid-market prices. Other fund fact sheets may show returns calculated on a different basis, e.g. daily midday dealing prices, those at which you transact. Fund performance is shown net, which is after the deduction of the fund management charge.

The fund performance does not take account of any product charges applicable to your scheme. You can find more information about our charges in the terms and conditions booklet (for example, the Member's Booklet and Member's Policy Booklet) or Key Features documents.

Past performance is not a guide to the future. The value of an investment is not guaranteed and can go down as well as up. Exchange rate variations can cause the value of overseas investments to increase or decrease. You may not get back the amount you originally invested. For overseas markets the figures are sterling adjusted and net of any withholding tax.

<!-- image -->

## FUND FACTSHEET INFORMATION

This factsheet has been produced to provide you with fund information and is not designed to provide advice on the suitability of an investment for your personal financial situation. It should be read in conjunction with your pension scheme particulars. It is not an offer to buy or sell any investment or shares, if you have any questions regarding its contents, please speak to the Trustees or your Financial Adviser.

This fund is invested wholly or predominantly in units of such other funds identified by the Trustees of the pension scheme and maintained by Legal & General Investment Management. These funds may change from time to time. The Fund Objective and Benchmark have also been determined by the Trustees. This factsheet will be updated quarterly.

## CHARGES

Investment management charge

0.15%

(IMC)

Additional expenses

0.00%

(AE)

Fund management charge

0.15%

(FMC = IMC + AE)

The IMC is taken by adjusting the unit price of the fund daily.

For further information on the underlying fund, click here.

<!-- image -->

## ALLOCATION

All data source LGIM unless otherwise stated. Totals may not sum due to rounding. The figures shown for market capitalisation (the total share value of a company) may not be comparable between funds as they can be measured and classed in different ways.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SECTOR (%)

| n   Communications & Tech       |   37.6 |
|---------------------------------|--------|
| n  Consumer  Non-cyclical       |   20.8 |
| n  Consumer  Cyclical           |    9.7 |
| n  Banks (Equity)               |    8.5 |
| n  Industrials                  |    6.9 |
| n   Financial Services (Equity) |    4.8 |
| n  Insurance (Equity)           |    3.6 |
| n  Property                     |    2.6 |
| n  Commodities                  |    2.4 |
| n  Other                        |    3.2 |

| Nvidia                                     | 4.9   |
|--------------------------------------------|-------|
| Apple                                      | 4.9   |
| Microsoft                                  | 4.8   |
| Amazon.com                                 | 1. 6  |
| Meta Platforms A                           | 1. 6  |
| Broadcom                                   | 1. 4  |
| Eli Lilly & Co                             | 1. 0  |
| Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co  1.0 |       |
| JPMorgan Chase & Co                        | 1. 0  |
| Alphabet A                                 | 1. 0  |

## MARKET CAPITALISATION (%)

| n  Large     | 86.4   |
|--------------|--------|
| n  Mid       | 11.8   |
| n  Small     | 1.8    |
| n  Undefined | -      |

## COUNTRY (%)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| United States   | 61.5   |
|-----------------|--------|
| Japan           | 5.7    |
| United Kingdom  | 3.3    |
| Canada          | 2.6    |
| Switzerland     | 2.4    |
| Taiwan          | 2.2    |
| Australia       | 2.0    |
| Germany         | 2.0    |
| France          | 1. 9   |
| Other           | 16.4   |

## Important information

Copyright © 2024 Legal & General. This document is subject to copyright. Any unauthorised use is strictly prohibited. All rights are reserved.

Source: Legal & General Group PLC unless otherwise stated. Legal & General Assurance Society Limited. Registered in England and Wales No. 166055. Registered office: One Coleman Street, London EC2R 5AA. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.

<!-- image -->

n Top 10 holdings 23.0% n Rest of portfolio 77.0%

No. of holdings in fund 3,448 No. of holdings in index 3,321

## TOP 10 HOLDINGS (%)